bpo-44024: Improve the TypeError message for non-string second arguments passed to the built-in functions getattr and hasattr (#25863)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-05-04-21-55-49.bpo-44024.M9m8Qd.rst

> Use the common :exc:`TypeError` message for non-string second arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the error message for non-string second arguments
```
I don't think "the common message" will make much sense to most people reading this.

Author: You are right. Updated.
